Go to prison for a crime you never committed or get away with murder, but live in fear of getting caught?
Live with your family hating you while everyone else loves you or live with everyone else hating you while only your family loves you?
Die sooner without any regrets or die much later with a lot of regrets
Get rich by emotionally hurting the ones you love or be kind to them but you stay poor.
Die from hypothermia or die from heatstroke.
Swim 300m through sewage or run 300m through a field of dead bodies.
Die before the person you love the most passes away or after the person you love the most passes away.
Believe every lie you’re told or lose the ability to lie to people.
Never be able to speak your mind or always say what you’re thinking.
Save a species from extinction or discover time travel.
Relive your life from five years of age, knowing everything you know now or predict what you’ll learn in the future.
Be stuck on a ski lift for an hour or be stuck in an elevator for an hour.
Relive the same day over again or wake up every day with no memory of what happened yesterday.
That your boss goes through your text messages or your parents go through your text messages.
Jump out of a plane without a parachute or ride a rollercoaster without a safety belt
Survive a zombie apocalypse alone or team up with your worst enemy to fight zombies
Always be surrounded by paparazzi or live the rest of your life in solitude
Gain immortality and watch your friends and family pass away or slip into a coma for 10 years of your life.
Have an amazing childhood but miserable adulthood or have amazing adulthood but a miserable childhood.
Work for a great boss while earning a minimum wage salary or work for a terrible boss while earning a high salary.
Feel young and look older or look young and feel older.
Date someone who gets along with your friends or date someone who gets along with your parents.
Never get married or never talk to your parents.
Be best friends with the devil but he always stops you from doing good or be best friends with an angel but he always stops you from doing bad stuff.
Have someone watching you all the time but you never realize or have someone watching you all the time but you know who it is.
Have every scratch leave a scar on your body or have every pimple leave a scar on your face.
Would you rather lose your car or all the pictures you have ever taken?
Would you rather only be able to yell or only be able to whisper?
Would you rather not be able to taste or not be able to smell?
Would you rather travel to the future or the past?
Would you rather frame your best friend for a crime you committed or be framed for a crime you didn’t commit?
Would you rather give up bread or sweets for the rest of your life?
Would you rather eat a steak with a spoon or eat soup with a knife?
Would you rather never kiss someone again or never eat chocolate again?
Would you rather go blind or lose all your memories?
Would you rather be uncomfortably hot or uncomfortably cold?
Would you rather lose your phone or your wallet?
Would you rather look old and feel young or look young and feel old?
Would you rather have just one eyebrow or no eyebrows at all?
Would you rather be too busy or always bored?
Would you rather use sandpaper as toilet paper or not use toilet paper at all?
Would you rather be extremely hairy or have no hair at all?
Would you rather only be allowed to write with your non-dominant hand or not be able to text with your thumbs?
Would you rather be able to speak multiple languages or be able to talk to animals?
Would you rather live underwater or underground?
Would you rather change your past or be able to predict your future?
Would you rather have super sight or super hearing?
Would you rather only be able to wear clothes that are 2 sizes too small or 2 sizes too big?
Would you rather have hands for feet or feet for hands?
Would you rather live without a microwave or without an oven?
Would you rather ride a unicycle to work or a pogo stick?
Would you rather have extra fingers on one hand or be missing fingers on one hand?
Would you rather lose the ability to read or speak?
Would you rather live in an RV or a sailboat?
Would you rather have more money or more time?
Would you rather be stuck on a broken ski lift or a broken elevator?
Would you rather be stuck on an island with a person who never stops talking or all by yourself?
Would you rather hear the good news or bad news first?
Would you rather have to sew all your own clothes or grow all your own food?
Would you rather be on a dating game show or on a survival reality show?
Would you rather be extremely short or extremely tall?
Would you rather perform a song in front of your friends or complete strangers?
Would you rather live your whole life single or have an arranged marriage?
Would you rather lose all your hair or all your teeth?
Would you rather live near the mountains or the beach?
Would you rather constantly have the same song stuck in your head or always have an itch that you can never quite reach?
Would you rather be a superhero that no one knows or a famous villain?
Would you rather marry someone who doesn’t love you or marry someone that you don’t love?
Would you rather wake up as a dog and a cat?
Would you rather never be able to feel another emotion again or never be able to show another emotion again?
Would you rather never be able to use your phone again or never be able to use a mirror again?
Would you rather find your soul mate or win the lottery?
Would you rather give up the internet or air conditioning and heat?
Would you rather have a personal chef or a personal maid?
Would you rather watch nothing but Hallmark movies or nothing but horror movies?
Would you rather have a pause or a rewind button for your life?
Would you rather drive to work in reverse the whole way or walk to work wearing high heels?
Would you rather spend a year without a house or a year entirely alone?
Would you rather only be able to listen to one song for a whole year or never be able to listen to music for a whole year?
Would you rather have fortune or fame?
Would you rather lose your short term memory or your long term memory?
Would you rather be Superman or Batman?
Would you rather be rich but have a job you hate or be poor but have a job you love?
Would you rather never be able to eat your favorite food again or only be able to eat your favorite food?
Would you rather have a unibrow or no eyebrows at all?
Would you rather give up brushing your teeth or your hair?
Would you rather always have a small rock in your shoes or always have wet socks?
Would you rather know how you are going to die or when you are going to die?
Would you rather lose your phone or your keys?
Would you rather never be able to eat breakfast again or dinner?
Would you rather have to get dressed up every day or only be able to wear your pajamas every day?
Would you rather have to stand up all day long or sit down all day long?
Would you rather be able to be invisible or be able to fly?
Would you rather have an elephant trunk or a giraffe neck?
Would you rather be blind or never be able to talk again?
Would you rather eat uncooked spaghetti or dry rice?
Would you rather live without TV or without music?
Would you rather get up early or stay up late?
Would you rather never be able to eat hot food again or never be able to eat cold food again?
Would you rather have lots of good friends or just one best friend?
Would you rather find your soul mate or have your dream job?
Would you rather never get to sleep again or never have to work again?
Would you rather only be able to eat meat or be a vegetarian?
Would you rather live in the city or live in the country?
Would you rather go on a long walk or a long drive?
Would you rather die unhappy in 50 years or happy in 5 years?
Would you rather know everything you want to know or have everything you want to have?
Would you rather be a master at every instrument or fluent in every language?
Would you rather be famous or the best friends of a famous person?
Would you rather always have to take a cold shower or always have to wake up an hour before your body is ready?
Would you rather always stink or have everyone else stink except you?
Would you rather step on a crab or kiss a live jellyfish?
Would you rather be able to talk to birds or to dogs?
Would you rather be a superhero or a wizard?
Would you rather get married at 19 or get married at 60?
Would you rather build a new house or own an existing one?
Would you rather never feel anger or never feel guilt?
Would you rather read a good book or watch a good movie?
Would you rather have cookies or cake?
Would you rather be a vegetarian or give up dairy?
Would you rather keep the life you have or start over again?
Would you rather be born into a loving family or a filthy rich one?
Would you rather get a paper cut every time you touch paper or bite your tongue every time you eat?
Would you rather have the hiccups constantly or always feel like you have to sneeze but can’t?
Would you rather be the funniest person or the most intelligent person?
Would you rather be able to run 100 mph or fly at 20 mph?